junk food taster dot-com yep and look
what we got here today so we got
heart-shaped are you gods so I three
chambers systems I let me go from airman
and this one is like wrote a cruiser
like red fruit stuff and bourbon vanilla
very good very good
a passion fruit peach chocolate
combination so yes this sounds very
promising
yeah look at this fancy packaging so
yeah information everywhere so this is
not English I think there is no English
on okay anyways let's do this yes from
Germany from Bavaria alright okay okay
yeah must be somewhere here
I'm just asking myself lick lick lick
lick hang on ah okay let's do the little
aching the fruit stuff first
mmm very full super fruity the vanilla
mmm
sort of a deep vanilla that's a little
bit too deep now see you're gone
yeah so are you but okay so yeah and
what you do is you drop these chambers
inside the main chamber of course and I
think it's kind of annoying because yeah
look at this you need to add assist of
course otherwise you don't get
everything I need and now to red fruit
staff the courage what is the
translation of Kreutzer let's not care
let's eat this oh yeah
here we go and what's a really big fruit
piece okay now this is a very advanced
you got product yeah very good win
I know whether the flavor combinations
that great but and generally it's super
great anyways it comes the next
candidate peach passion fruit and
chocolate rolls here again now that you
got seems different now that you what
seems to be already vanilla about let's
let's lick it now it's some sort of
fruit yoga okay here we got a little
chocolate rolls look at this detail
isn't this sort of lovely or funny or
what okay the dropping off the roads
works far better than the dropping off
the CM yeah so much is left so I need to
lick the spoon clean
yeah let's do this look at this
I don't know I think only in Germany
yeah I'm not singing about yeah this
feels kind of random yeah here was on
good but is chocolate now feels kind of
as a random component just throwing
something into the air in the stark shop
that's a little bit bitter
you have to super fruity passion fruit
and then dark chocolate taste and I
personally don't think discrimination is
good so already to me for everyone out
there who thinks let's this is a perfect
combination yeah if you like seeing us
like fruit flavored chocolates or
something you would like it otherwise
not
okay okay okay my friends it's time to
say goodbye and thanks for watching
good this gives Airmen spino I guess max
little now Hudson's nosediver would hold
a good suburban venusian yeah well done
kids now here first is Baja Kuya Shuko
Schneck won the war um yeah and Cynthia
country's jackasses product high quality
arm super 50 in D company and Susan's
nose and a shiny commanding me of
eyelids new Manila Zoo Sehun yeah this
is mind blow of a combination the sit
room is set to classical Adam of the
super closes I have passion
fruit cos I especially physics to go
right on
on the artists most partisan the
submission if in the community owner
thinks a good girl own mezzo mezz mark
we hear orange sticks Lazo on the also
for Takasugi lardons often the accidents
my chicken you know
okay SEP go me want us anti hot Vinnie
googe's ratified angle Susan one person
isn't for Graham